c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll.config
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.DomainModel.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.DomainModel.pdb
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.EntityFramework.pdb
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Configuration.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.pdb
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.Log4NetIntegration.dll
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
c:\users\dval\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.Log4NetIntegration.xml
C:\Users\dval\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\NuGet.Core.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll.config
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.pdb
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Configuration.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.DomainModel.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.EntityFramework.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\NewId.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\NuGet.Core.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.DomainModel.pdb
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.EntityFramework.pdb
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Configuration.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\GreenPipes.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\log4net.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\MassTransit.RabbitMqTransport.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Abstractions.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\RabbitMQ.Client.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.dll
D:\CustomerTimesTask\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories\obj\Debug\CustomerTimesTask.Repositories.pdb
